It's time to reach Brother Nai soon.
Wake me up quickly.
It's such a kind word.
Dad, can you talk like that? Dad.
Bai Nu is eating. What are you doing?
Ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah.
Ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah.
Your family is humiliated
You're too loud to fight. I mean, you can still pretend.
you admit me
I never sent it to you at all
Whose is that sticky seed in your belly that's too big? It's me, right?
I'll put this up and you alone
Do this for me
Then don’t you accept that this child of yours won’t bear it?
Why kill him?
A different kind of divorce
So your position
Is it right to experience him in person?
You are young and you always acknowledge me
You hold him electric